README.md, before:

# Oblique Incidence Monte Carlo

This code simulates an obliquely incident photon source (pencil
beam) on a scattering medium. It can simulate one incident point
source or many.

![Diffuse Reflectance](example.png)

## Configuration

Configuration is changed by copying `config.def.h` to `config.h`
and editing it. This configuration is then baked into the compiled
binary. This helps the compiler optimize for the binary for a
faster runtime and keeps the types of configuration variables
clear.

## Building

After copying over and editing `config.h` the program can be
compiled by running:

```
./build.sh
```

## Running

The compiled program can be run as:

```
./mc output_filename_prefix
```

Currently directories in `output_filename_prefix` are not checked
for existence prior to running so the program will fail to save
the output if you don't ensure this yourself.

## Citations

If you intend on using this as a basis for any published works a
citation, while not required, would be appreciated 🙂!

Commit message:

fix typos and mention Windows support in README

README.md, after:

# Oblique Incidence Monte Carlo

This code simulates an obliquely incident photon source (pencil
beam) on a scattering medium. It can simulate one incident point
source or many. The program has been tested on and is known to
work on Linux and Windows 10.

![Diffuse Reflectance](example.png)

## Configuration

Configuration is changed by copying `config.def.h` to `config.h`
and editing it. This configuration is then baked into the compiled
binary. This helps the compiler optimize the binary for a faster
runtime and keeps the types of configuration variables clear.

## Building

After copying over and editing `config.h` the program can be
compiled by running:

```
./build.sh
```

On Linux the only dependency is libc, on Windows winpthreads is
also required.

## Running

The compiled program can be run as:

```
./mc output_filename_prefix
```

Currently directories in `output_filename_prefix` are not checked
for existence prior to running so the program will fail to save
the output if you don't ensure this yourself.

## Citations

If you intend on using this as a basis for any published works a
citation, while not required, would be appreciated 🙂!
